adding a callout to graphile config docs re merging exists-but-undefined options (#2290)
graphile/crystal: utils/website/graphile-config/preset.md

      `extendingScope` actually exist.
1. Return `mergedPreset`.

:::note Merging exists-but-undefined options

> When extending presets, Graphile Config merges options scopes with
> `Object.assign({}, baseScope, extendingScope)`. This has the following
> implications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When extending presets, Graphile Config merges options scopes with logic
equivalent to `Object.assign({}, baseScope, extendingScope)`. This has the
following implications:
```

> 1. When an option is set to `undefined` or `null`, it will overwrite the value
>    in the extended preset. Depending on the library behavior, this may result in
>    the library default being used for the option.
> 2. When an option is not set in a scope, the resolved value will be that of the
>    extended preset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When an option is set to `undefined` or `null` in the extending preset, it
   will override the value in the base preset. Depending on the library
   behavior, this may result in the library default being used for the option.
2. When an option is _not present_ in the extending scope, the resolved value
   will be that of the option in the base scope (if any).
```
